Lol doesn't seem cool these days 
But that broad loud laugh does 

Emojis doesn't seem to satisfy emotions 
But the natural in-heart expression does

Rain and clouds in stories doesnt seem aesthethic
Until the eyes feel them through

The songs and selfies on stories are just a stamp for 'I am alive' 
Which rather took away the joy of Jumping in the puddle

Those videocalls and chats seem to be old school love 
Until that letter with a stone appears in your room

Swings seat doesn't seem to enjoy the immature-growned-up socio-animal 's Feed shoot 
Rather waiting long for the kids to put their butts on

The eyes doesn't seem to chill with Netflix 
But misses those long long panda sleep at 11 NIGHT

Mom's lap and granny's stories have just became a myth these days 
Until one lets his eyes off the screen

Good old styled days are just a mystery city in some boring crowded modern-socio town now!!


In the era of social media, we have forgotten the joy we used to get from small things or act. 
We these days have started living more reel life than real life. 
And happiness for us is when someone tags us in their post or story or someone appreciate you by rating or giving a long long tbh. Or else when you have gained more followers than others. 
We understand love if someone videocalls us or chats with us daily or write good captions at our post.
But my dear social minds,love and happiness doesn't lie in these things but it lies in sleeping in your mother's lap or by traveling back to your childhood with grand parents or by meeting your friends in person and make memories not for gram but for yourself. 

To cry over those happy days and to laugh over those sad days. 
To make your present worth remembering by enjoying the moment. 
To move on not by blocking someone but to move on by leaving behind the grudges with each other and solving them. 
To re-unite with the ones who u say as long lost friend. If you would text first or the other one would, ego would never mind and there is no such things as ego in texting first its just a way to connect. 
Maybe he/she must be waiting for u to go and make memories.
Let's make memories not to gather in our phone's gallery but to gather in that long term hard disc in our mind. 
The eternal peace lies within us by being happy and making others happy!!! 
It is our true salvation! And the olden timed methods were really golden ones?
