Clock ticked 2:00 am.
It was two hours of waiting for train. Ruhi was becoming restless. Suddenly she saw a train approaching towards her platform . But strangely, the train was without any human presence. From the train came a familiar voice was calling Ruhi continuously. Ruhi felt scared . She stood and started walking backwards. As she stepped back, the voice became louder and louder. Unexpectedly, the few crowd who was present at that platform disappeared ,except Ruhi. She started panicking but the voice was much familiar to her. She started walking towards the train with braveness and fear within her. As soon as she climbed on one of the coach , the train rapidly started moving at a high pace . Ruhi started shouting for help but no one was there to help her .; Then, from the dark shadows came a man in black coat , as if he was the part of that shadow. The man was coming closer and closer to Ruhi. She started sweating and stepped back. The man was continuously reciting Ruhi's name and when she asked the man who he was, the black was removed . Ruhi tried to remember the familiar face . And, finally she remembered who the man was. The man in black resembled Ruhi's best friend Raghav , who Died two years ago in a train accident.; Ruhi didn't know How to react . But then with a slow voice she asked him that how was he alive. Raghav replied in cracked voice that his death was never an accident BUT he was murdered .; Ruhi was aghasted , to see a dead man in front of her. Raghav further added that he was still dead but that was just his soul who had came to take revenge from the murderer.; Curious Ruhi asked that who the murderer was. And the soul took a step and said  !!The murderer is no one else but you , Ruhi!! You are the one who killed me ! And the very next second a knife was passed in Ruhi's stomach and then painfully came out from her back. Ruhi yelled a cry and her last words taking name of her best friend , Raghav.
But then drops of water opened Ruhi's eyes . The sprinkler was the passenger friend sitting next to her in a running train to her destination. Ruhi was narrating the whole murder while she was horrified in her dreams . But after knowing reality,she was relieved.
Instantly, a text arrived on Ruhi's phone , saying "REVENGE" from the same Raghav who died two years ago in a train accident.....
