Moon hiding behind the clouds.
Clock travelled backwards.
Clickety-clack of a typewriter was coming from one corner of the room, and the floor was covered with crumbled pages and broken glasses of a wine bottle. Wallpaper shredded. Cigarette in mouth and a bottle of wine on the table. Hair messed up. Eyes red, but water dripping from them. The burning ash smell mixed with human flesh scented the room.
Suddenly, my sight went to my hands... were they RED? Yeah, they were! As if they were drenched in a bucket full of blood! I didn't know about R., but I skipped a beat. Not knowing how to react, I asked in a low voice, "What happened, R?"
"I don't know," hands shivering, "I made a mistake, Tanya."
"What mistake, R?"
"I KILLED HER! I KILLED HER, Tanya! I won't ever be able to confront him and I won't be able to forgive myself-"
"KILLED WHOM, R?"
She sat back as if to pick something up... I continuously asked her "whom", but she was just crying and crying, and suddenly, in no time, she stood... stood as if giving me a hint that I made a mistake going there. I asked her again in a sweet, low voice, not letting her lose herself, "Ruh, I won't blame you, just answer me, whom did you kill?" She stared at me in the strangest manner. As I took a step back, she took out a small piece of glass from between the scratches of her bloodied hand. I knew her since four years; Raghav and I were the only close persons in Ruhi's life. She was a girl with mystery... always hard to understand, but Raghav was the only person I'd say who would know her at her very worst. But due to some problem, they both had a fight and resulted in breaking their friendship. Though I knew how she reacts, but this was the scariest Ruhi I saw until then. She walked near me in a horrified way... she was smiling from one corner of her mouth. Eyes full of hatred. "What are you doing, R? Whom and how did you kill?" The glass was stabbed in my neck. I cried out. She removed the glass slowly. I could feel my nerves break... and the blood ornamenting the whole scene. "It was you from this long... who wanted to break me apart... you, always you... the one whom I trusted blindly... the one whom I knew as my very best friend... why, Tanya, why?" And again a stab of a glass, but this time in my stomach. She wanted me to suffer... she wanted revenge for the DEAD SOUL of her lost best friend, Raghav. WHOM I KILLED TWO YEARS BACK IN A TRAIN ACCIDENT... I made him suffer his death and enjoyed his mourning... Now I could hear those cries again... the noise of a train passing down me. I could hear them... the way I just threw him out the window and into the running train, and there his body crushing between the wheels of the train...
"Why did you kill your own brother, Tanya? WHY?? WHY my best friend??" And again a stab in my back.
"I wanted to ruin you, but that senseless twin was never to agree with me... and he became an obstacle in my path to your murder... but someone had to die that night... you or he... and fate made him die a horrified death..."
But at this moment someone entered the room... a black-masked man in a black cloak. Who was he? Did I know him? Yes, I do... it was him... him, Raghav... he returned. How? That can't be possible.
"IMPOSSIBLE!" I said. "This can't happen... I saw you die... I saw you crushing between those tracks."
"How do you like this surprise, my loving dida? Or I may say MRS. Mastermind... you aren't the only one here who could plan a horrified death for your loved ones."
"But how can you be alive?"
"At last, I was your brother..." and came a glass into my cheeks. And I was looking nothing less than a lion's flesh.
"I met him on my train journey last month and got to know about all the truths and your masterplans... so we both decided to make you feel the same pain which we both went through and give you a remarkable ending. Goodbye, T."
AND THERE I WAS THROWN DOWN THROUGH THE SAME WINDOW AND UNDER THE TRAIN, I WENT CRUSHING DOWN...
